Wan'er, you took everything that happened in Linjiang City
Tell me one by one
I want to know everything
This Gao Yang has made great achievements in Linjiang City
Strategizing thousands of miles away
The first day of the lamb's arrival in Linjiang City
Plan every next step
This lamb is a real talent
What do you think of this lamb?
Although this person has amazing talents
But there is blood in the clothes
Very bold
Where does this boldness come from?
Your Majesty is still following him
He just openly hinted that Lord Du gave gifts
And I seriously doubt
He deliberately wanted to pit Lord Du
Congratulations to Lord Xindu
I don't set up immortals
Otherwise, if you return the mother now, it will be Gu Ling.
There is no treason in this world
No official or greedy
This lamb gave Du Jiang a political achievement
Du Jiang's gift in return is nothing
The world's greatest talents
I am not afraid that they will be greedy
I'm not afraid of them
I am afraid that there is no weakness
Any weakness is easy to control
Can be used by me
But Your Majesty, his boldness goes beyond death
He also wants to see the minister's legs
How dare he say that?
He doesn't just want to see your legs
After I ascended the throne
On this court
The person who openly looks at my legs
He is the only one
What? How dare he openly straighten His Majesty's legs?
This is really eating the ambition leopard and can't carry my father
Fucking eyes
It doesn't matter this woman
Who doesn't want to conquer?
But
Who can conquer?
It's all gone
Little Riverside City Xianwei
It's like winning the champion
Let people see what kind of decency
However, away from me to the backyard
As if I had something to ask you